child of music 2006 will remain a grand cru it is indeed this year
that the new galaxy went into manufacturing in the dairy mill
good news never coming alone the walker brand volumes
at the blue oval after weeks it's unique
for the development of a new, more dynamic model called max crate it
does it happen on the chains of the machined bourgeois
destined in a style finally quite close to a model made in belgium
distinguishes in length what is not really noticeable contrary to 7
centimeters during the smac on galaxy the road hours
unlike the first generation the galaxy is a product
100% elegant forbes however it remains traditional and taking a few
centimeters everywhere he is now a serious competitor of the
renault space
generous the cockpit can accommodate up to this person all in one
comfort worthy of the name
if he remains comfortable also manage this match is played rather the card
dynamism as its look very explicitly suggests this does not preclude
however, not to propose practical aspects that will be appreciated by
the whole family
presented on May 1st and 30th of the cemac is still characterized
some elements of style that are specific to it like the shape of the
third of the frari in the integral boisset and yes of integrated ventilation
at the rear of the front wheel arches
with this vehicle with strong ford personality to enrich
indisputably an increasingly popular segment
developed on a common platform that will also serve the future currency
used these two monovolume genius of a healthy road behavior
really more incisive closed in the case of the ace max
also if the choice of engines includes in both cases the 2 liters
petrol 145 horses as well as the diesel tdci 18 100 125 horses and 2 liters 140
horses the galaxies has a specific entry-level equipped with
the 100 horsepower version of the trout rally and try while she leaves max
ensure its 18 5-cylinder 2-liter 5 of the focus test whose power is
reduced to 220 horses
with these two new monovolume that his name leaves maxppp and the galaxy's and
that the new rise of waters
waited for next year
ford to lighten up has three important models for the future of its
cake factory in any case depending on the cycle of renewal of models and
well the future of this production unit is assured up to about
especially as jostling that the traditions of the esma meet a
nice success
and according to forbes market research draws many new
come to the mark even better since his arrival m he pulls the sales of
galaxies simone pleasing heroes for the future of the tnt but also a
very nice recognition of the quality of the Belgian workforce